<string> library functions
-----------------------------|

01. stoi(string str) - Accepts a string argument and returns that argument's value converted to an int.

02. stol(string str) - Accepts a string argument and returns that argument's value converted to a long.

03. stoul(string str) - Accepts a string argument and returns that argument's value converted to an unsigned long

04. stoll(string str) - Accepts a string argument and returns that argument's value converted to a long long

05. stoull(string str) - Accepts a string argument and returns that argument's value converted to an unsigned long long.

06. stof(string str) - Accepts a string argument and returns that argument's value converted to a float.

07. stod(string str) - Accepts a string argument and returns that argument's value converted to a double.

08. stold(string str) Accepts a string argument and returns that argument's value converted to a long double.



-- to_string() overloaded versions --
-- to_string() overloaded versions --
-- to_string() overloaded versions --

01. to_string(int value) - Accepts an int argument and returns that argument converted to a string object.

02. to_string(long value) - Accepts a long argument and returns that argument converted to a string object.

03. to_string(long long value) - Accepts a long long argument and returns that argument converted to a string object.

04. to_string(unsigned value) - Accepts an unsigned argument and returns that argument converted to a string object.

05. to_string(unsigned long value) - Accepts an unsigned long argument and returns that argument converted to a string object.

06. to_string(unsigned long long value) - Accepts an unsigned long long argument and returns that argument converted to a string object.

07. to_string(float value) - Accepts a float argument and returns that argument converted to a string object.

08. to_string(double value) - Accepts a double argument and returns that argument converted to a string object.

09. to_string(long double value) - Accepts a long double argument and returns that argument converted to a string object.
