		The Rangers, with their shadowy ways, have always made him nervous. And now fifteen-year-old Will 
	has been chosen as a Ranger's Apprentice. But what he doesn't yet realize is that the Rangers are the 
	protectors of the kingdom who will fight the battles before the battles reach the people. And there is
	a large battle brewing. The exiled Morgarath, Lord of the Mountains of Rain and Night, is gathering his
	forces for an attack on the kingdom. This time he will not be denied... $
		Percy Jackson is about to be kicked out of boarding school... again. And that's the least of his
	troubles. Lately, myhtological monsters and the gods of Mount Olympus seem to be walking straight out of
	the pages of Percy's Greek mythology textbook and into his life. And worse, he's angered a few of them. 
	Zeus's master lightning bolt has been stolen, and Percy is the prime suspect. 
		Now Percy and his friends have just ten days to find and return Zeus's stolen property and bring
	peace to a warring Mount Olympus. But to succeed on his quest, Percy will have to do more than catch the
	true thief: he must come to terms with his father who abandoned him; solve the riddle of the Oracle, which
	warns him of betrayal by a friend; and unravel a treachery more powerful than the gods themselves. $
		A mysterious seaman hides at a country inn; cut-throats raid a sleepy English village;
	suddenly, young Jim Hawkins becomes the owner of a map leading to a lost tropical island and
	a fortune in stolen gold. Three adventures - Jim, Squire Trelawney, and Dr. Livesey - set out
	to find the treasure. But they trust the one man they should most fear, Long John Silver. 
	Charming, brave, ruthless, murderous, Silver fills the squire's ship with pirates. And on the
	desolate, fever-infested island, the quest for gold becomes a deadly war of hide and seek.
	Desperate defenders against merciless killers battling over a cursed treasure won with blood,
	buried with blood, sought with blood. Incredible wealth that Jim and his friends can only
	claim... If they survive! $
		Harry Potter has never been the star of a Quiddich team, scoring points while riding
	a broom far above the ground. He knows no spells, has never helped to hatch a dragon, and has
	never worn a cloak of invisibility. 	All he knows is a miserable life with the Dursleys,
	his horrible aunt and uncle, and their abominable son, Dudley - a great big swollen spoiled
	bully. Harry's room is a tiny closet at the foot of the stairs, and he hasn't had a birthday
	party in Eleven years. But all that is about to change when a mysterious letter arrives by
	owl messenger: a letter with an invitation to an incredible place that Harry - and anyone who
	reads about him - will find unforgettable. For it's there that not only friends, aerial	sports,
	and magic in everything from classes to meals, but a great destiny that's been	waiting for
	him... if Harry can survive the encounter. $