<-- Short Answer -->

1. Why should you indent the statements in the body of a loop?

ANSWER:	You indent the statements within the body of a loop so that your program
		becomes more readable, they stand out visually. The body of the loop
		is visually set apart from the surrounding code.




2. Describe the difference between pretest loops and posttest loops.

ANSWER: A pretest loop evaluates the test expression before it's initial
		iteration. A posttest loop evaluates the test expression after
		it's initial iteration. A posttest loop iterates at least once,
		then the expression is tested.




3. Why are the statements in the body of a loop called conditionally executed statements?

ANSWER: The statements within the body of a loop are called conditionally
		executed statements because they are performed only when the expression
		within the paretheses is true.




4. What is the difference between the while loop and the do-while loop?

ANSWER: The (while) loop is iterated through as long as it's expression is true.
		The do-while loop is iterated through at least once, then it's
		expression is tested.




5. Which loop should you use in situations where you wish the loop to repeat
until the test expression is false, and the loop should not execute if the test
expression is false to begin with?

ANSWER: I'll use a (while) loop if I want the loop to repeat until the test
		expression is false, and if I want the loop to not execute at all if
		the test expression is fals to begin with.




6. Which loop should you use in situations where you wish the loop to repeat until the
test expression is false, but the loop should execute at least one time?

ANSWER:	I'll use a (do-while) loop when I want the loop to exicute at least once
		and to iterate until the test expression is false.



7. Which loop should you use when you know the number of required iterations?

ANSWER:	I'll use a (for) loop when I know the number of iterations are required.




8. Why is it critical that counter variables be properly initialized?

ANSWER:	Is is critial because variables defined within a function have no
		guaranteed starting value.




9. Why is it critical that accumulator variables be properly initialized?

ANSWER:	It is critical that the accumulator variable be properly initialzed
		to 0 so that it will contain the correct total when the loop ends.




10. Why should you be careful not to place a statement in the body of a for loop that
changes the value of the loop’s counter variable?

ANSWER: If the counter variable is modified within the body of a loop, the loop
		may not terminate when you expect it to.




11. What header file do you need to include in a program that performs file operations?

ANSWER:	The header file <fstream> needs to be included in order to perform file
		operations.




12. What data type do you use when you want to create a file stream object that
	can write data to a file?

ANSWER:	I'll use the (ofstream) data type when I want to create a file stream
		object that can write data to a file.




13. What data type do you use when you want to create a file stream object that
 	can read data from a file?

ANSWER: I'll use the (ifstream) data type when I want to create a file stream
		object that can read data to a file.




14. Why should a program close a file when it’s finished using it?

ANSWER:	Closing a file causes unsaved data that is still in the buffer to be
				saved to it's file. Because of this data in the file will be in the file
				if you need to read it later in the same program. Close file for saving
				data still in the buffer, in case you need to read it later in then same
				program.




15. What is a file’s read position? Where is the read position when a file is
		first opened for reading?

ANSWER:	a). The read position marks the location of the next byte that will be
						read from the file.

				b). When an input file is opened, its read position is set to the first
						byte in the file...

				c). The first read operation extracts data starting at the first byte.
